Fù Jiā Háo
Fù Jiā Háo, I want you
Dead right now
Qín Ruò Yǔ
Don’t be so shameless
You’re just
A pair of worn-out shoes I tossed aside
You think Qín Fēng
Really loves you?
If he loves you so much
Why hasn’t he married you?
Why hasn’t he
Publicly acknowledged you
As Qín’s wife?
Qín Ruò Yǔ
You’re just
A minor manager at a Qín Shì branch
In the eyes of men
You’re just a plaything
What’s between me and him
Is none of your concern
But you
Fù Jiā Háo
I’ve prepared a big gift
To commemorate
Our three years of affection
I’ve prepared a special gift for you
This is something I specially ordered
Your grave
Wishing you an early trip to heaven
So you won’t live anymore